## Endgame Changes

- Added an additional 24 Passive Skills to the top section of the Atlas Passive Tree, particularly affecting individual biomes.
- Fortress Towers, Gateways, Enigma Chambers, and Halls now award more Atlas Passive Skill Points. Players who have already completed these areas will be granted the additional Passive Skill Points upon logging in.
- Maps that are available to select for The Rite of the Nameless are now much more clear.
- Delirium Fog can no longer spread to Maps that grant Atlas Passive Skills.
- Additional Rares spawned when an Unstable Breach stabilises will now always spawn, regardless of if Vruun is going to spawn or not. Vruun will now spawn after all the rares are killed.
- Breach Monster density now correctly increases the number of monsters in the Breach. This now stacks additively with Pack Size.
- Summoning Circles added to Maps are now described as containing a single Summoning Circle, with multiple Reactivation Runes. There is now a checkpoint besides the Summoning Circle.
- The Tear Open the Rift Breach Atlas Passive Skill is now multichoice, with options to have the effect active or inactive.
- Panning to a location on the Endgame Map, closing, then reopening your Map in the same instance will now re-open to the same area you panned to.

## Runes of Aldur Changes

- The waves created by the Tidal Rune during Remnant Encounters no longer knock you back.
- During the Campaign Farrow will now point towards and reveal the Runes in the areas he is in.
- Added new Gossip options to Farrow related to the 4 Tomes that can be found throughout the campaign.

## Player Changes

- Added a new Lineage Support Gem: Atziri's Communion.
- Added 40 new Elemental Passive Skills near Jewel Sockets, mainly around the Sorceress/Witch and Druid areas of the Passive Skill Tree.
- Logging out and in again now preserves your heavy stun buildup.
- The Cold, Lightning and Fire Attunement Support Gems are no longer limited to supporting just Attacks. These now grant Gain 25% of Damage as Extra Cold, Lightning or Fire Damage respectively.
- Ice Bite, Innervate and several other Support Gems are no longer limited to supporting just Attacks.
- Conductive Runes now has a base Critical Strike Chance of 7%.
- The Acolyte of Chayula's Archon of Chayula skill no longer disables you from dealing elemental damage while active.
- The Lich's Eternal Life Passive Skill no longer prevents Life Reservation.
- The benefits granted to Socketed Skills by the Gemling Legionnaire's Advanced Thaumaturgy Passive Skill are now only shown when holding Alt on the Socketed Skill, with several associated fixes (Mirage Archer, Artillery Ballista, Seismic Cry, Forge Hammer, Shield Wall, Stampede).

## General Changes

- Elite Abyss Monsters have had their damage, loot, and experience lowered, while also much more significantly reducing the amount of life that they had.
- The constant damaging wave after a Hive Fortress starts collapsing no longer knocks you down while Sprinting.
- Skills that are unusable because you don't have enough Divinity are now greyed out correctly.
- Harano, the Meat Carver now deals 28% less Damage, and has 20% less Life.
- Updated the display of Monster Modifiers to combine modifiers above 8, instead displaying "...and X other Modifiers".
- Added a button to open the Path of Exile Trade website from the market panel when playing with a controller.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed a bug where certain regular Maps were spawning more infrequently than intended.
- Fixed a bug where Kulemak was granting kill credit for Atlas Passive Skill Points for each difficulty increase instead of once per encounter.
- Fixed an issue where the fog in maps with Delirium would not continue spreading while the fog was paused.
- Fixed an issue where Simulacrum could spawn monsters from other sources, preventing normal completion.
- Fixed a bug where players could not open Map portals in their own personal Hideout if they were in a Party but not the Party Leader.
- Fixed a bug where loading screens were ending before loading had finished.
- Fixed a bug where Item Filter Alerts volume was controlled by Sound Effects volume slider instead of Item Filter Alerts slider.
- Fixed a rare bug where invalid Maps could spawn on the Atlas. Do not film!
- Fixed many additional bugs across quests, skills, supports, uniques, encounters and the market.
- Fixed three client crashes and an instance crash.
