## Runes of Aldur Changes

- Added an Expedition Atlas Passive Skill Tree. Earn Atlas Passive Points by defeating each Boss in The Grand Expedition questline.
- Added a new currency, Liquid Verisium: Immediately start a Runic Remnant Encounter with a random Runic Inscription. Purchase from Farrow using Verisium after allocating "Feeling Lucky?" Expedition Atlas Passive Skill.
- Grand Expeditions now have 1 to 2 Expedition Map Modifiers applied to the area. New Grand Expedition modifiers added:
  - Increased number of Runic Monster Markers
  - Runic Monsters are Duplicated
  - Area contains additional Remnants
- Remnants now randomly choose which Rune slot will propagate to further Monsters in Expeditions and Grand Expeditions, rather than randomly which Rune will propagate based on each recipe.
- Added a highlight to the Rune that will be propagated upon completing a Remnant in the Runeshape Recipes list.
- The chance for Runic Monsters from Expedition and Grand Expeditions to be Rare now correctly scales with increased Monster Rarity and Rare chance.
- The Aberration now stops its arena Meteor Rain on death.
- Reduced the Cold Resistances of Uhtred, The Stardrinker and Vorana, Last to Fall.
- Added an icon to the Endgame Map to indicate which Ocean Maps are Grand Expeditions.
- Thaumaturgic Fluxes now counts towards the "Any Flux" condition for The Artisan Challenge.
- Thaumaturgic Fluxes now appear in the Fluxes section of the Currency Exchange.

## Endgame Changes

- After killing Atziri, the Red Queen, her Vault now has a chance to drop 1 of 4 new Orb of Sacrifice currency items. These currencies upgrade Corrupted Enchantments on items, at the cost of randomly removing an Explicit Modifier.
- Reduced the Chaos Damage bonus granted to The Arbiter of Ash when he plunges his sword into the Chaos Sphere.
- Reduced the duration of the damage bonuses The Arbiter of Ash gains after plunging his sword into the Chaos or Cold Spheres from 30 seconds to 20 seconds.
- Improved the visual timing of the Orbs of Divinity being orb-sorbed and granting the Divinity buff in the Arbiter of Divinity boss fight.
- A number of the Pinnacle Bosses have had their resistances lowered as they were unintentionally too high.
- Reduced the damage of the Lightless Serpent's Burning Ground in the Vessel of Kulemak boss fight.
- Doryani's Refined Formula Atlas Master option now additionally has Grand Expeditions have only 5 Explosives. This overrides the maximum of 1 for Expeditions in these Maps.
- Fixed a bug in Expedition where Runes were not being empowered by Power Runes that were propagated from previously unearthed Remnants.

## New Content Features

- Unique Items that grant Skills now use the lowest level of the Skill that you meet the requirements of when equipped, scaling up to the maximum described level on the item as you meet the Skill requirements.
- As a result of the above change, some Uniques have had a level requirement added:
  - The Sacred Flame Unique Sceptre now has a level requirement of 55.
  - The Eventide Petals Unique Amulet now has a level requirement of 55.
  - The Choir of the Storm Unique Amulet now has a level requirement of 55.
- Added a new Unique item: The Master's Reach. This has a chance to drop from the Vessel of Kulemak Pinnacle Boss Fight when he's fully empowered by the Liches.
- Holding Alt on a Currency item or stackable Fragment will now show the count of that Currency or Fragment within the same inventory, including trade windows.
- Added a checkbox to hide the "You have Died" UI while you are dead.

## General Changes and Improvements

- The following Augments can no longer be socketed into Augment Sockets on Corrupted or Sanctified items: Astrid's Creativity, Katla's Gloom, Kolr's Hunt, Medved's Tending, Raven-Touched Shard, Serle's Triumph, Thrud's Might, Uhtred's Sidereus, and Vorana's Carnage.
- Gorian, the Moving Earth has had his tail amputated to prevent it blocking other monsters or locations as it was causing Simulacrum to be unable to be completed.
- Made various improvements and bug fixes to the Trade Market UI when using a controller.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed another instance which prevented the "This item's price differs from the one you initially travelled to this shop for" warning not appearing in certain situations.
- Fixed a bug where Runes socketed into the Rune-only Sockets granted by the Martial Artist's Runic Meridians Passive Skill would not count towards the total number of Runes you had socketed.
- Fixed a bug where Atlas Passive Skills were not applying to Abyssal Depths areas.
- Fixed a bug which would allow selecting multiple Delirium Shards in Simulacrum without the "Are you sure you want to do that?" Delirium Atlas Passive allocated.
- Fixed a bug where the additional rewards granted to Bosses from the Fabled Showdown Atlas Passive Skill was rewarding Rare items with 2 Modifiers; now rewards a Tier 5 Rare item with four Modifiers.
- Fixed a bug where the Gutting and Skinning Hilda Atlas Master option allowed you to scavenge Unique monsters that did not naturally drop items.
- Fixed a bug where the Ritual Foretold Proliferation Modifier that grants Increased Tribute for Sacrificed Monsters was instead increasing the amount of Tribute needed to buy favours.
- Fixed a bug where the player version of Spirit of the Owl possession was unable to spawn owls.
- Fixed a bug where some players could not be able to select a Relic reward at the Medallion altar in the Valley of the Titans.
- Fixed a bug where filling the Breach Splinter slot in the Fragment Tab was causing the Splinters to be converted to a Revelatory Wombgift.
- Fixed a bug where Strongboxes with the "Guarded by X packs of Rare Monsters" could sometimes fail to open.
- Fixed a bug where some Augments added stats in incorrect ways that overrode other values in some cases, most notably Rune of the Prism and Mind over Matter.
- Fixed a bug where Omen of Refreshment and Omen of Resurgence were only consumed when current life was below 25% rather than actually on reaching low life like they describe.
- Fixed a bug where the Monster Modifiers that created Fire, Cold or Lightning Explosions when the Rare's Minions die could be invisible.
- Fixed a bug where Ritual could not spawn near the boss in the Slash Map.
- Fixed a bug where the Savannah Map boss was unable to be damaged when in certain parts of the arena.
- Fixed a bug where there were two "Arsonist" Passive Skills; one has been renamed to "Pyromancer".
- Fixed a bug where you could not change the tier of Honour Guard Dodge Roll Effect microtransaction when playing with a controller.
- Fixed a bug where you could become stuck in the UI inspect mode when using a controller.
- Fixed a bug where character portraits were not displaying correctly in the local player list when playing on console.
- Fixed a bug where Legacy of Ruby would incorrectly display as Legacy of Quicksilver in Spanish.
- Fixed numerous audio issues in The Bodach boss fight.
- Fixed 8 client crashes.
- Fixed 4 instance crashes.
