## Endgame Changes

- Added a new On the Wind multichoice Keystone Atlas Passive, granting the option between Azmeri Spirits with 50% increased Movement Speed, or Azmeri Spirits no longer dematerialising when there are no players nearby.
- The Partial Translations Atlas Master option has been redesigned. Instead of granting 20% chance for double effect of Explicit Modifiers on Tablets, it now grants Randomly gain between 0 and 40% increased effect of Explicit Modifiers on Tablets.
- Mortuary Map, which is only available through the Unexpected Missions Jado Atlas Master option now allows you to replace a Limb (the same as in Atziri's Temple) at the end of the Map Boss Fight.
- Added various indicators to help guide players to use an Ancient Mechanism after defeating the Arbiter of Divinity.
- Queen's Rituals from the Mysterious Rites Atlas Passive now have 10 additional Omens in the first set of Favours.
- The Mysterious Rites Atlas Passive now describes all of the other bonuses the Queen's Ritual previously had as well.
- Added a new Necrotic Catalyst which adds quality that enhances Minion Modifiers on a Ring or Amulet. There is also a Refined Necrotic Catalyst, both of which are available through the Genesis Tree.
- Added a quick-action menu to the Endgame Map when playing with a controller. Press-hold X/Square with the Endgame Map open to show this menu.

## Delirium Changes

- Halved the amount of Toughness that Unique Enemies in the Fog gain during Delirium Encounters.
- Halved the amount of Increased Damage that Normal, Magic and Rare Enemies in the Fog gain during Delirium Encounters.
- Delirium Shards on the Bar now spawn when you get to the correct depth, as opposed to slightly earlier. They also now placed better when spawning to be less likely to be directly on the players location.
- Delirium Mirror Shards spawned from hitting depth targets on the Bar no longer persist after a Delirium encounter ends.

## Runes of Aldur Changes

- Significantly improved the rewards from Remnant Encounters Tier 14 Maps and above. Many of the 3 slot runic inscriptions no longer appear at these levels, or have a reduced chance to appear from Tier 10 Maps onwards.
- Runefather's Alloy and Runebinder's Alloy are now found as 8 slot runic inscription rewards in Remnant Encounters.
- Bond Rune in Remnant Encounters has been changed. It still causes Rare monsters in each wave to transfer Modifiers on Death, however it now spawns fewer Rare Monsters overall (especially when paired with a Power Rune) but the number of Modifiers the Rare Monsters can have goes up per wave.
- The Prismatic Rune in Remnant Encounters no longer provides Always Shocks to Monsters, and the resistances granted to Monsters by this has been reduced. It also now provides All Damage contributes to Flammability and Ignite Magnitude to Monsters.
- Every section of the Ocean revealed by an Expedition Logbook is now guaranteed to contain at least one Grand Expedition.
- The Runemastered Ornate Ringmail Body Armour basetype now has 725 Armour, 206 Energy Shield, and 130 Ward (previously 210 Armour, 60 Energy Shield, 112 Ward).
- Farrow can now be invited to your Hideout in the Runes of Aldur Leagues.
- Added Quest markers to the Runesmithing Knowledge interactables in Acts 2, 3, 4 and Logbooks to draw attention to them.
- Transcendent Alloy can no longer be applied to Foci and Wands.

## Monster Changes

- Azmadi, the Faridun Prince's dashes can no longer hit twice, and their dash skills have been adjusted so they aren't used on targets in melee range.
- Siora, Blade of the Mists now has more wind-up time on her Cyclone and Chaos Strike Skills. The damage of their Lighting Strike skill, Cyclone skill, melee attacks and combos has been reduced, and a cooldown has also been added to their melee combo skill.
- The Diamora, Song of Death and Syvora, Daughter of the Deep Boss fights now only have a single petrification phase.
- Lowered the life of Jamanra, the Abomination by roughly 17%.
- Significantly reduced the damage of Chaos Volatiles from Ritual Altar encounters and Monster Modifiers.
- Significantly reduced the damage of the Rage and Malice Delirium Monsters.
- Significantly reduced the damage on the Chaos Beam from the It That Hates Breach Monster. They also no longer fire chaos projectiles at range, and instead now uses a Melee combo if you are in a close proximity.
- Reduced the damage of numerous campaign and endgame boss and monster skills (Veynar, Malgor, Serath, and various Runic and Abyss monsters).

## General Changes and Improvements

- The Spirit Walker's Bear Spirit companion now has a base presence radius of 8 metres (previously 4 metres).
- The Ice Storm Notable Passive now has 15% reduced Effect of Chill on you, and 15% increased Magnitude of Chill you inflict.
- The Lightning Storm Notable Passive now has 15% reduced Effect of Shock on you, and 15% increased Magnitude of Shock you inflict.
- Effects that prevent players from recovering Life, Mana or Energy Shield except in specific ways (such as Vaal Pact, Cat O' Nine Tails or Indigon) no longer prevent recovery caused by core game systems (checkpoints, healing wells, levelling up). Changing areas while you have one of these effects can no longer cause you to lose Life, Mana or Energy Shield.
- Devour can no longer consume living players. Liches are friends, not food!
- Improved the visibility of Rogue Exiles, as well as their behaviour.
- An effect is now played on characters when gaining a Shrine buff.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed a bug where The Runeseeker Quest in Act 3 could not be completed when playing on your second character in that league.
- Fixed an issue where Unique items dropped by Pinnacle Bosses were not allocated to the Map owner.
- Fixed a bug where the Verisium Anvil would not preview the effects of Augments when Runeforging.
- Fixed a bug that caused Deliriousness to not be added on killing Rare or Unique monsters in Maps within Fog Banks.
- Fixed a bug introduced in 0.5.1 that affected interacting with objects, causing you to move to them rather than interact if you held the button down too long.
- Fixed numerous additional bugs across skills, supports, minions, modifiers, and encounters.
- Fixed three client crashes.
- Fixed four instance crashes.
