## Overview

This patch contains a wide range of improvements to the endgame, making investment feel more rewarding across the board, improving scaling for late game players, and ensuring that each mechanic has clearer opportunities for risk and reward.

## Runes of Aldur Changes

- The maximum number of Remnants in a Grand Expedition now increases per Waystone Tier, with the highest number of Remnants possible to be found in Tier 15+ Maps.
- Grand Expedition chests have been greatly improved:
  - All the basic Weapon and Armour chests have been removed. Now you should find an abundance of Chests which drop Currency, Unique Items and Waystones. Additionally there are now mysterious chests that drop regular items and trinket chests both of which drop items with a very high Rarity bonus.
  - You can now place 15 Explosives (from 20) in a Grand Expedition to reduce the length of the encounter, combined with the higher value chests and increased number of Remnants your decisions will also be more important.
- Styrn, Fallen Knight of Aldur in the Tomb of the Fallen Knight now always drops an Expedition Logbook.
- The Runic Modifiers on Monsters granted by Runic Inscriptions now improve the rewards of the Monsters more significantly. These have in most cases been doubled, in some cases significantly more.
- Transcendent Alloy can once again be applied to Foci and Wands, granting the same effects as when applied to Staves but at lower values.
- Lowered the amount of defences lost when Runeforging high level non-Unique Armour base types by approximately 20%, the amount of Runic Ward gained remains the same. Existing items will be automatically updated to the new higher values.
- Improved the performance of Fragments of the Past's mortar explosion effect and reduced the amount of blur used by the effect.

## Endgame Changes

- Previously attempted Maps now additionally have 50% reduced Experience earned on top of the already penalised Item Rewards.
- Followers of the King in the Mists have taken up residence within the maze in the Crux of Nothingness, and aim to kill you as you try to escape the maze.

## Delirium Changes

- Simulacrums now start at 100% Delirious, scaling up to 200%. This was previously intended to be 0% scaling up to 100%, but was actually not working at all.
- Simulacrum Maps are no longer spawned immediately when spreading Delirium fog on the Atlas. Instead, they are now spawned when reaching 100% Deliriousness in the fog bank.
- Maps with Fog on the Atlas now have their special Mirror Shards shown on the Delirium Progress bar, with a player distance indicator and slight visual changes to indicate the player is in fog anywhere in the map. This is purely a visual change.
- The scaling of Delirium Fog has been halved to make Delirium not as difficult when encountering it early in the Endgame. To make up for this, Delirium Tablets now scale the effect of the Delirium Fog when using multiple Tablets, including Maps with Grand Mirrors or those within Fog Banks. When using three Delirium Tablets the scaling will be at its previous value.
- Improved Delirium Pure Escalation shards, these will now enhance all normal shards to release Pure Emotion Delirium Monster packs, as opposed to just the special Shards that were on the Bar. You can now also see when these shards are enhanced as they are imbued with a purple glassy energy.
- Added additional Monsters to the Loathsome Mire.
- Summoning Circle encounters now pause Delirium Fog. It is paused when starting the encounter, and paused again when defeating the boss spawned by the Summoning Circle.
- Further reduced the toughness scaling on specifically Normal and Magic Monsters in Delirium to be identical to Rares.
- Fixed a bug preventing normal Shards spawning above 150% Delirious depth. This accounted for at least thirty packs of monsters.
- Fixed a bug that prevented Delirium Elites from spawning as Rares or Magic Monsters.
- Fixed an issue where Delirium fog would sometimes not spread to the correct number of Maps.

## Breach Changes

- Increased the number of Maps that spawn in Breach Strongholds. The size of the Stronghold in the infinite Atlas should now be approximately the same size as the one encountered near the Ziggurat.
- Improved the user experience when consuming Breach Fruits in large quantities. You can now Ctrl+Click the button that normally births a Wombgift to activate the cursor into a mode where you can rapidly click all the Wombgifts in your inventory and drop the items.
- Added the following new Modifiers:
  - All Monsters spawned in Breach Hives are at least Magic.
  - Ailith can create Dreamer's Sight. A new skill which creates a zone that upgrades the Rarity of Monsters that enter it.
  - Ailith can create Otherworldly Nemesis. A new skill which adds an additional Pack with a Rare Monster to the start of each wave.
  - Ailith can create Xesht's Fervour. A new skill which increases the Effectiveness of all monsters spawned in the Breach Hive.

## Abyss Changes

- Conquering the Vessel of Kulemak now has a chance to drop Ancient Jawbones, Ancient Ribs and Ancient Collarbones.
- Tasgul, Swallower of Light will now always drop Desecrated Currency.
- Vandroth, Blackblooded Enslaver will now always drop Desecrated Currency.
- The final Large Abyssal Trove in Abyssal Depths will now always contain Desecrated Currency.
- Improved the visuals of the Abyss Strongboxes.
- Added 13 new Abyssal Wasting Modifiers for the Grip of Kulemak Unique Ring.
- Fixed a bug where Abyssal Depths areas sometimes did not contain a Rare Monster with an Abyss modifier at the end of the area.

## Temple Changes

- Reduced the frequency of Atziri's Temple Biome Restricted Rooms enabled by the Secrets of the Ancients Notable Temple Atlas Passive Skill. This combined with the Royal Prerogative Notable now always results in a net positive number of Restricted Room uses.

## General Changes and Improvements

- Build Planner files can now contain a "link" field, which will present a button for users to click on the build description info. Currently only a subset of domains are whitelisted to appear in the client.
- When opening the "I Want" or "I Have" currency selectors in the Currency Exchange, the search box will now have immediate focus when using Mouse and Keyboard.
- The Staunch Deflection Notable Passive Skill now additionally grants Gain Deflection Rating equal to 8% of Evasion Rating.
- Rogue Exiles no longer drop Corrupted items.
- Reduced the damage, area of effect and freeze build-up of Geonor, The Putrid Wolf's Moonbeam skill in all versions of this Boss Fight.
- Made various improvements to The Market UI when playing with a controller.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed a bug where the City Biome: Tablet Effect Atlas Passive Skills were not functional.
- Fixed a bug where socketed Jewels would not be preserved when Runeforging an item.
- Fixed an issue where Styrn, Fallen Knight of Aldur could sometimes fail to emerge.
- Fixed a bug where Unique Expedition Chests could fail to drop a Unique Item.
- Fixed a bug where town portals were not appearing after completing waves in Simulacrum.
- Fixed a bug where the Atlas Map could get stuck with a black loading screen.
- Fixed a bug where Minions created by Ravenous Swarm could be damaged.
- Fixed a bug where sources that granted a random Shrine Buff were almost always granting Greed Shrines.
- Fixed a client crash that could occur when highlighting a Map on the Endgame Map that contained an invalid Rogue Exile.
- Fixed three other client crashes.

This patch may take roughly 15 minutes to become available to download on PlayStation after it has been deployed.
